you
rusty old boat uses one of my favorite
scales as you know a minor pentatonic
but instead of just playing it in the
usual spot I found the notes for you
minor pentatonic all over the place so
for example that whole line uses notes
from E minor pentatonic and the line up
that's all a minor pentatonic as well so
it's just different ways of using that
pentatonic sound to get phrases and I'm
trying to get lots a little kind of
funky you can hear that almost like a
drum and I'm just muting out the strings
with my left hand and covering them so
they won't ring and then with my right
hand
doing that little shuffle groove like a
drummer I'll make your playing funky
let's see after that I go to sort of an
a7 chord well the plant power chords
there I want an a sip and sound so I do
the craziest mixolydian scale I can
think of I'm just using this three note
per string scale and trying to do lots
of soloing within that any patterns that
I have they're different every time
and I'll show you some of those patterns
when we get to the hammer on pull up at
the end but I just wanted to give you
the general scale and then I go nuts
inside
the same thing up a whole-step and B
this time I'm playing the scale from the
low-end
and again I'm trying to go as much as I
can with any patterns that work
and the last thing I have is a big
stretch in speed like a d7 sound and
their cameras and pull-offs look at that
note rise up and the big stretch at the
end and if possible I'm going to try to
bend it up at the end because any time
you bend it's cool and between these
notes I'm trying to get a clear enough
sound where it's not so distorted and
hissy that I can actually stop in the
middle you have little spaces as opposed
to of course I can sustain all the way
through it
a possible app for funky it's good to
stop
some kind of funky core
that's an e-flat I have to think about
this one dominant it's got a 13 and 9 so
those are some of the cool parts I'm
going to show you one more lick because
I love it so much this is something I do
in the solo it's an arpeggio D major in
octaves using pull ups a lot of shifting
with the left hand but it's a really
nice smooth sound and in context it's
something like this
you